Update install-gcp.md (#686)
astronomer/docs: astro/install-gcp.md

- Your preferred maximum node count.
- (_Optional_) Your custom CIDR ranges for connecting to Astronomer's services.

> If you don't provide information that is specific to your organization, a Cluster with the default configurations is created in `us-central1`. For more infomation about the default configurations, see [GCP Resource Reference](resource-reference-gcp.md).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't specify your organization's preferred configurations, Astronomer will create a new Cluster in `us-central1` with default configurations for Astro on GCP. For more information, see [GCP Resource Reference](resource-reference-gcp.md).
```

If not specified, Astronomer will create a Cluster with two m5.xlarge nodes in us-east-1 and a maximum node count of 20 by default. For information on all supported regions and configurations, see [AWS Resource Reference](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/resource-reference-aws).

> - A Subnet CIDR of `172.20.0.0/19`.

Reviewer: @dnarain-astro How strongly do you feel like we need to list all of these defaults out? Worried that it's duplicate of: https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/resource-reference-gcp

Maybe we just keep it to a shorter sentence and link out to that doc with defaults?

Author: Yes, let's just link to the doc with the defaults.  

When we wrote the doc, we thought this would be important to the end user and needed to be highlighted.  4 customer activations down, it seems like this info is not as important as we thought it would be.
